hello my name is Troy Martinson and I'm
down here at Cornerstone horse complex
in Hastings Minnesota and I'd love to
show you what we have to offer down here
today come on in well the greatest thing
about the cornerstone horse complex is
you know the location here we're just
south side of the cities we're on a
major highway highway 52 that runs
between Rochester and st. Paul so it's a
very convenient spot to get to and we've
got 28 acres here so we've got a large
complex we have lots of room we've got
lots of pasture turnout we have a huge
indoor riding arena it's all heated by
the way so when it was 45 below outside
it was actually 45 degrees inside it was
very convenient for our customers to be
able to use a barn you around the arena
is amazing and the footing in the arena
the horse gets good suspension and lifts
but yet it holds up well and it's not
dusty
right now we have 56 stalls that are
built out and we're using every day we
have the capacity go up to a hundred we
have all the township permits we've got
all the compost setup for it we've got
the pasture set up for it so the whole
barn is set up so that we're at fifty
six today and with a couple of small
additions we could go to Phase two which
would be at a hundred horses here at
Cornerstone we actually even have some
what we call a cold barn stalls which
gives us a lot of variables so that
people with different types of horses
different horse needs have all that here
plus we have trail rides so we have some
trails cut through our woods so we can
do trail riding we're right on the edge
of the Vermillion River we got some tie
ups out back we actually even have a
bonfire area so people can have local
campfires with our 28 acres we have
three large pastures that a lot of
people want to put their horses back in
a herd setting so that's a big plus for
a lot of people plus we have individual
paddocks we have another 14 individual
paddocks for people that want the horses
separated another wonderful thing about
cornerstone horse complex is the people
there's people there around Western
there's people that write English
there's people that do saddle seek which
is a form of is cush and it's all just
wonderful everybody gets along and
register
respectful and they're all just fun it's
just a great it's a healthy environment
for the horse and the owner writer here
at Cornerstone horse complex we were one
of the very few that actually have a
Aqua Pacer the other only other aqua
Pacer in the five state area is at the
University of Minnesota at their equine
center they use there solely for
recuperating of horses but we use it for
conditioning horses and getting them
better shape for high competition all of
our horses are very very well cared for
they're the reason we're in business so
we take very good care of them
we we strive hard to keep our barn very
very clean we buy the best products for
the feed and we've got a great team of
people that are always caring for the
horses basically seven days a week
virtually 24 hours a day the thing I
love about the place is that they're all
these facilities are all tied together
in one big location one of the big
challenges with a large horse property
like cornerstone is the fact that you
have manure coming out of the horses 24
hours a day seven days a week so what we
did is we invested in a specialized
compost building we compost our product
and we sell that product to landscaping
companies and to seed companies so the
product is all 100% organic the
composting process that we use is very
sophisticated it kills all the bugs in
it it kills all the weed seeds and it
kills the smell so the end product we
have is a highly desirable product the
care here is wonderful
John's willing to meet your needs if you
want alfalfa hay if you want grass hay
if you want half and half and here
you're able to get anything you want to
I just cannot tell you how much I love
Cornerstone horse complex